hello youtubers innovative solutions
here today I'm bringing you a product
that I got from my buddy Sir Robert
Johnny it's a knife paracord
combo here handle which is always nice
to have paracord I keep one of those
emergency bracelets paracord bracelets
in my car I keep this in my car as well
that has a nice little sheath and
magnesium strip a lot of people make the
mistake of trying to do the knife this
way when actually you want to pull hold
the knife steel and pull on your
magnesium strip here so it does put off
a good spark I'm not gonna do it on the
video here I will do it and do some
demonstrations of it outside but just
want to bring that to you today and make
sure that you know you have one of these
and you're camping slash a bug-out bag
or just emergency pack for your car
like I said lighters are great but you
can run out of fuel in your cigarette
lighter or you know matches and so this
can get wet and you know you can use it
so I prefer this
I mean matches are great and get
waterproof matches and stuff like that
which I hope to be bringing you some
videos of testing out some of the things
that I do like using I mentioned before
in previous videos using cotton balls
dipped in Vaseline you know Vaseline
that's petroleum and that's so petroleum
jelly and you can do that you can also
use something which I've been using a
lot lately you can do use hand sanitizer
it has alcohol in it and it catches on
fire very very easy so using one of
those little hand sanitizer bottles you
can get a fire going pretty easy so
that's just something
keep in mind keeping your emergency pack
plus hand sanitizer is used for multiple
applications you know cleaning so hope
you like this so if you get one I'll try
to find out where sore
Rajani got this and if I do I'll make
sure to post a link in the description
so that you can get updated prices and
maybe purchase one yourself
so thanks for watching please subscribe
comment if you do I'll reply back as
soon as possible so thanks for watching
y'all have a great day